Hello Guys welcome back.
Imagine that you are going away for a vacation and obviously you need a place to live which will be
your hotel in order for you to go into one of the hotel rooms.
You need to register the room and you can check in.
We want to live you checked out.
Think of the dedication features as the same as the hotels where you sign up is equivalent to register
at a hotel counter loggin if you want to check into your hotel room walk out you check out from a hotel
room.
When you think of the kitchen features just thing of the hotel scenario.
In this section we will learn how to build and other location features from scratch.
Your e-commerce web application needs an added question so that you can identify which customer brought
which product so that you can set a route to send the product to the customers house in the next video.
We will create our user blueprint or schema or see guys in the next video.